ansque:     s_user
ansque:     q_id
ansque:     q_ans
ansque:     q_score
ansque:     state
ansque:     ansque_id
department:     dept_id
department:     dept_name
department:     paper_id
department:     state
dept_manager:     m_user
dept_manager:     m_pwd
dept_manager:     m_name
dept_manager:     dept_id
dept_manager:     state
info_board:     info_id
info_board:     title
info_board:     info
info_board:     info_date
info_board:     state
numclass:     cla
numclass:     num
numclass:     state
question:     q_id
question:     q_type
question:     q_text
question:     q_choose
question:     q_a
question:     q_b
question:     q_c
question:     q_d
question:     q_deg
question:     state
school_manager:     m_user
school_manager:     m_pwd
school_manager:     state
score:     s_user
score:     s_time
score:     s_score
score:     s_type
score:     state
score:     score_id
student:     s_user
student:     s_num
student:     s_pwd
student:     dept_id
student:     s_name
student:     s_class
student:     s_mail
student:     score_1
student:     score_2
student:     score_3
student:     score_ans
student:     score_type
student:     end_sec
student:     state
student:     s_id
student:     s_date
student:     s_role
test_time:     dept_id
test_time:     pri_begin_1
test_time:     pri_begin_2
test_time:     pri_begin_3
test_time:     adv_begin_1
test_time:     adv_begin_2
test_time:     adv_begin_3
test_time:     pri_inter
test_time:     adv_inter
test_time:     state
testpaper:     paper_id
testpaper:     paper_ext
testpaper:     paper_name
testpaper:     paper_des
testpaper:     user_info
testpaper:     state
